Update the examples in the Search API v2 docs (#77)
opendatasoft/ods-documentation-explore-api: source/includes/v2/_sources.md

# Sources

> Retrieve a list of available sources on the `documentation-resource` domain

```shell
curl 'https://documentation-resources.opendatasoft.com/api/v2/'
```

> The above command returns

```json
{

>     "links": [

Reviewer: Same as above.

Author: If we remove links here, the endpoint returns a blank response. Is that right?

Reviewer: Yes indeed, it doesn't make sense to remove links here. I'm taking the insight for squad-engine, this endpoint may be an exception as links _are_ the expected objects. Maybe you can just keep `links` in this example for now?

Author: OK, I'll leave this example as it is.

## Opendatasoft source

> > Get a list of all public datasets on the Opendatasoft Data Network

Reviewer 2: I'm used to use "Data network" but if you've already check you can ignore :)

Author: True :)
```suggestion
> Get a list of all public datasets on Opendatasoft's Data Network
```

```shell
curl 'https://documentation-resources.opendatasoft.com/api/v2/opendatasoft/datasets'
```

> The Opendatasoft source allows to search and work on all available public datasets from the Opendatasoft Data Network.

Author: ```suggestion
The Opendatasoft source allows to search and work on all available public datasets from Opendatasoft's Data Network.
```
